>> Bianca: Usually in my workshop I spend
a lot of time talking about how to learn,
how to succeed.
I kind of cut it short this time.
I have my old videos if you wanna learn
all about my opinions about learning to
code, how to succeed as a learner, how to
succeed as an engineer, stuff like that.
You can reference my other ones, but
some main tips but I still wanna say are,
if it feels uncomfortable as
the difficulty ramps up, that's good.
That's where you wanna be.
Some people,
when it starts to get difficult,
they think I am not ready for this.
My advice is just to stick with it and
see what happens.
You might be surprised that eventually
there'll be an aha moment or
you will figure out what
your question really is.
I think that's a big part of being lost
is you don't really know what your
question is.
If you did, then you could ask it,
and then you would be fine.
But digging in to really where your
mental model is differing from
how it actually works, how your code
executes or whatever it might be.
It might be uncomfortable, maybe not.
Stick with it, see what happens.
You're here to learn,
you're here to be challenged, so
expect those things to happen.
Take responsibility for your learning,
this is huge I think, because
a lot of people make excuses for
things, right?
I don't understand that because I'm
not good at math, whatever it may be.
So, I would like to challenge
you to put excuses to the side,
whatever stories you have about
your skill set, or your experience,
or whatever, and just like really
focus and try to let it soak in.
And try to figure out what
your barriers are though,
they're like really what
your questions are again.
And don't make excuses,
figure out what's missing for
you and figure out how to
measure you're learning, right?
How do you know that you're learning?
It is different for everyone, so
I would just think about that and yeah.
And consider the questions that I'm
asking you throughout the course because
they're intentional.
So they're meant to lead
you on through a thought
process to help you mold
your understanding, right.
So when I ask you a question and
you answer it.
If you answer it wrong that's great
because then that's an opportunity to
re-mold your understanding of a concept.
Yeah, otherwise if you're just kind
of listening along passively like
a lot of people would if this
was like college course, or
something like that,
you miss those opportunities to do that.
And especially in a live course,
a lot of people watch this online later.
They don't have as much
opportunities to do stuff like that.
So I would take advantage of it.
Anyone here feel like they're a really
good learner, they know how to learn?
What makes you a really good learner?
>> Speaker 2: Doing.
>> Bianca: Doing practicing?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, not just reading or
watching or writing.
It's actually doing it and
trying to get it to work.
>> Bianca: Yeah, absolutely I agree.
I agree.
Yeah, that's one of my tips that I
usually say is don't read too much.
It seems like its productive, but
if you're trying to learn a skill
that requires you to solve problems,
it's not always as
productive as it may feel.
Also reading in bed feels
like a good thing but
half time, I don't know if anything
like me I'm like half falling asleep.
I read a paragraph,
especially if it's a technical book,
it doesn't really work for me.
>> Speaker 2: There's a really
good book online so they say,
it's called The Obstacle is the Way.
I don't know if anybody's heard of that,
but it's by Ryan Holiday and
it's a really good book, it talks about,
>> Speaker 2: That space
where things become challenging is
actually the space you wanna be in,
kinda like what you were talking about.
>> Bianca: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And it says that that's
where you grow if you're in that space.
It's pretty good.
>> Bianca: Cool.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca: Thank you, sure, I like that.
Anyone else?
>> Speaker 2: What helps me
learn is teaching other people,
explaining how you learned it and
what it is.
>> Bianca: Yeah, absolutely, cool.